README.md, before:

# Google India Scholar Collaborative Project- AND Phase 2

**Co-Mods**
- (Add your slack Handle here)

## Table of Contents

- [Getting Started](#getting-started)
- [Project URL](#project-url)
  - [Screenshots](#screenshots)
- [Folder Structure](#folder-structure)
- [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
- [How to launch the app locally](#how-to-launch-the-app-locally)
  - [Installation](#installation)
- [Style Guide](#style-guide)
- [Resources](#resources)
- [Acknowledgments](#acknowledgments)

## Getting Started
- Share your Project Ideas
- Contact me (Tavish Jain)(@TavishJain.and on slack) for more information
- Looking for a good team name.

## Project URL
[Visit the app](#)

### Screenshots
![homepage](#)

## Folder Structure
Comming Soon
```bash
├── README.md - This file.
├── 
└── 
```

## Prerequisites
* Within the scope of AND Nanodegree

## How to launch the app locally?
Comming Soon
### Installation

## Resources

## Acknowledgments
**Special Thanks to @saif.udacity and @akshit.udacity!!!**

Commit message:

Made Changes for the Readme file

README.md, after:

# Google India Scholar Collaborative Project- AND Phase 2

Hi Scholars,
Here is some Template for you Project which gives you brief Description about the What are the contents that your Collaborative Project should Contain. Feel free to completely edit this readme file as the repository created is for your team. You can use slack to find your team members and work collaboratively on the Projects!

## <Project Title>

## Description

Please give 3-4 lines of Project Description here in this section.

**Team Memebers**
- (Add your slack Handle here)

## Table of Contents

- [Getting Started](#getting-started)
- [Project URL](#project-url)
  - [Screenshots](#screenshots)
- [Folder Structure](#folder-structure)
- [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
- [How to launch the app locally](#how-to-launch-the-app-locally)
  - [Installation](#installation)
- [Style Guide](#style-guide)
- [Resources](#resources)
- [Acknowledgments](#acknowledgments)

## Getting Started
- Add any Getting Started Steps if you wish your Application should contain.
- Contact me (Tavish Jain)(@TavishJain.and on slack) for more information
- Looking for a good team name.



### Screenshots
![homepage](#)

## Folder Structure
Comming Soon
```bash
├── README.md - This file.
├── 
└── 
```

## Prerequisites
* Within the scope of AND Nanodegree

## How to launch the app locally?
Comming Soon
### Installation

## Resources
In case you are Starting a project with your own team make sure you follow the mandatory guidelines mentioned here.
![Guidelines](https://docs.google.com/document/d/16Zs37dGFmwvQtdWD0Cq_xB9K4d89c2tIKj8Kl2DAlyQ/edit?usp=sharing)

## Acknowledgments

![The Project Moderation Team](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/12ZjmkwbF1sFC9su1Im6YQcGZXMisoH6ubc0xjpo6CIE/edit?usp=sharing)
